want to know what taught in theaters
this weekend we're gonna kill every last
one of them Milla Jovovich returns to
battle the umbrella corporation in
resident evil the final chapter this was
me and then this was me
then I came back as this little guy in a
dog's purpose a reincarnated dog learns
the reason for his existence did you
find that it's amazing how little gold
does everything Matthew McConaughey
plays a down-and-out businessman who
goes to Indonesia to search for treasure
in gold we're talking over 30 billion
dollars and finally let's find out
what's hot in theaters this weekend with
this week's fantasy patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
[Music]